I want to say and what happens to me I
want a say in my safety and the safety
of those around me I want to know that
when I get behind the wheel of a car
that you value my safety too but when
you use your phone while you drive you
put my life your life and the lives of
those around you at risk you think you
can do it safely so did the drivers who
killed my mother my son my daughter my
mom my dad and almost killed me you
think that because you use a hands-free
device you are safe
you aren't the distractions in the mind
still exists you may think you are
focused on the road but you aren't you
don't see the red light the intersection
I'm about to cross the little girl
riding her bicycle for the car coming at
you head-on
because he crossed the centerline
you may be looking but you don't see it
not talking on your phone isn't an
infringement on your rights it's our
choice to value the lives of others so
that they can reach their destinations
safely it's a choice that allows others
to continue to achieve their dreams of
being the world's best grandmother of
becoming an archaeologist or an artist
of growing old together because someone
chose a call over a life dreams were
shattered and families were torn apart
and now we're left without a mother a
son a daughter
without parents you have a choice is
your next call worth more than someone's
life focus driven advocates for cell
free driving WWF uh quiz driven that
mark how many more have died today